Didn’t expect the games to be this fun when I first played them. Now, I can’t stop and will do my best to get better at it.
Playing competitive Games has changed my life. It’s given me mates for life, a mentor in a world where I felt like none existed, and most importantly, it’s given me the drive and ambition to improve myself.
Some moments are simply more fun when you can’t wait to share them with mates.
I challenge you to take on something that is more fun and exciting than what you’re used to.
Playing, streaming and hanging out with mates is the best. Seriously, this is no joke. Let’s go do it.
For those who strive to be the best, esports is a journey made up of moments like these.
You don’t have to be a pro that plays video games for the purpose of winning cash prizes.
We love the hustle and bright minds of esports athletes. Let’s keep growing together.
When you say competitive, we say #esports. And by the way, it’s not just for #gamers.
When you’re a part of something special and you feel like no one can stop you. 
Every match is an opportunity to prove yourself. Every defeat. To learn. Every victory. A chance to grow.
As any great gamer knows, nothing is more nerve-wracking than the first round of play.
Competing in a world-class environment, under pressure, and battling with the best of the best.
Competitive gaming is a legitimate professional sport that can be enjoyable for anybody.
One of the most fun I have is competing in world championship events. It’s never easy and always a great experience!
We’ve been uprooted from our home, and now we’re here. We have to get used to new teammates, living with them in a house, and all the little things that go into this. It’s tough, what an experience.
Even if you’ve never picked up a keyboard and a mouse in your life, it’s easy to get started playing video games, but what a journey it is to world level. Let's do it together
The esports industry is exploding and the world is starting to take notice of the massive fan bases who are tuning in to watch their favourite teams compete. let's become tomorrow's legend.
It doesn’t matter if you win or lose. What matters is that you give it your all and learn something.
Where gaming and reality collide, creating a new experience for the fans
Challenge accepted. Let’s win this thing.
You’re not the best until you’ve beaten the best.
Be part of the most exciting sport in the world for gamers—where the thrill of competition and the rush from victory come together to create an intense high.
Cheers to all the passionate gamers out there!
We’re ready to push the competitive gaming boundaries as we challenge ourselves and our fans.
It’s game time, and these here are the champions of esports.
Esports is more fun when you play along with true mates.
We’re riding the pressure wave of esports.
Through perseverance and hard work, nothing is impossible. Through eSports, the dream of being a professional player is now possible.
All hands on deck. At the starting line, every member of the team is bound to their own fate and they must win or lose together. Play as one. Work as one. Win as one.